hey guys it's Jana boo here and I'm
going to make a video on how I set up my
camera for making my videos in Korea so
some room there's a computer right up
front just like good old San Diego um so
before i start i'm going to show you
what i use so these two i just find
something heavy in the room and like use
them as balances and you need a really
really long clear plastic ruler or you
could use anything else that's clear
that's long and you could put something
on it I don't know what this is these
are just for also balances and I have a
tissue box and another one and they're
not the same size and that's why I have
this so once I put this in it's how it's
like the same size as this once I put
that on except it's a little bit bigger
so I i'll also add this and then it's
the same size so you just need to tissue
boxes something to like make them same
same height if they aren't the same
height and then you need to place them
in between your picture i'm in on the
sides of your picture or whatever you're
gonna be filming put your ruler right on
top of it give me the twist is so it
goes like this right now i'm holding my
camera still all right now that that is
balanced out you just place your ipod
and it's Ben's a little bit if you will
you guys probably can't see that so I
put like something that will hold them
like this
and then I have a lamp here I'm gonna
turn the fox's face I preaching to the
other way does that it's cute and then I
see it and there's like a bunch of
little squares and so you're just kind
of move so that the lens is right where
the square isn't I'm looking for that
spot all right I think yes I found it
and then you can start working on your
drawing and if you don't like this
shadow here you could also move the
Kleenex box like away kind of like that
and then do shadow is not there anymore
all right so that's how I film I'll just
do a flashback so I think it's a good
way um keeps the camera steady and a
buff would have been better if I had a
an entirely plastic ruler and then I
just start doing my tutorial la la la
alright thanks for watching guys and I
hope you use this idea I think it's a
very cool way to set up your camera and
also um if this is a small picture so if
you want to make it if you have a bigger
picture and you want to like half the
camera filming the whole picture all you
have to do is stack more things up and
then put your ipod on that really high
stack and then i'll probably film
everything so that's another way to kind
of focus your camera and if you won't
need it even closer to the picture like
such as this you could just get smaller
things other than Kleenex boxes for
example a tape roller no that's right
here put the balance the ruler then it's
pretty close so find things in your
house I mean I think everyone has a
ruler right and a tissue box and there's
other things you could use so thanks for
watching guys and please subscribe